# 9/12/23 Group Meeting

## Notes from office hours 9/12/23

- Alternative project is fine, just need to submit its design to Dr. Saiedian and have it be approved first.
  - It's important that the project is exciting to the group members, because the most important deliverable of the project is the documentation, not the code itself.
  - Must at least be partly done in C++
  - Everyone has to be on the same page, will do the calculator project otherwise


> Your project deliverables will include a meticulously crafted project plan, a requirements document, a design document that seamlessly aligns with the specified requirements, a set of rigorous test cases derived from the requirements and the design, and ultimately, the fully realized product.

## Notes from meeting 

Roles could be:
- Project Manager - harlan
  - puts together project plan
  - communicates between the team and the TA/Dr. Saiedian
- Requirements engineer - or nora
  - puts together requirements document
- Design engineer - top
  - puts together design document
- QA engineer - jake
  - writes test cases based on requirements
  - ensures all documents: project plan, requirements doc, design doc follow some formatting guideline (TBD), proofreads, etc.
- Configuration engineer - kara
  - owns the github repo
  - manages versioning of the project
- Meeting Organizer - gaby
  - runs the meetings
  - e.g. could run it by first prompting everyone to talk about what they got done last week, what's blocking them from doing their work, etc. scrum style.
  - keeps notes for the meetings
Aside from these roles, everyone also contributes code to the project.


- Project plan due the 24th. group assignments above. brainstorm project ideas for next week
